Last time on Sonic X.
Sonic and Tails discovered another Emerald,
but it was soon devoured by
Dr. Eggman's Chaos creature.
A fierce battle followed,
and the X Tornado went down in flames.
But thanks to Tails' expert piloting skills,
our battered heroes survived to fight on.
Unfortunately, Eggman wasn't
finished making mischief,
as he seized Amy and her new friend Lily.
For once, Sonic arrived too late.
Now his speed isn't enough.
This time, he'll have to think fast
if he's going to catch up with Eggman.
Go, go, go, go, go
Gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Movin' at the speed of sound,
quickest hedgehog around
Got ourselves a situation
Stuck in a new location
Without any explanation
No talk of relaxation
Don't, don't, don't
Don't blink, don't think
Just go, go, go, go
Go, go
Sonic is on the run
Sonic, he's number one
Sonic, he's coming next,
so watch out for Sonic X
- Gotta go fast
- Sonic
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go
Sonic X
Gotta go faster,
gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster
Sonic X
[Gulls squawking]
KNUCKLES: I was supposed to
guard the Master Emerald.
But now I only have one piece of it.
What's the use in going on?
It's over.
I failed.
[Faint cry]
[Surprised grunt]
Standing around feeling sorry for
myself won't make things right.
I couldn't stop the Master
Emerald from being destroyed,
but I can gather what's left.
I wasted enough time moping.
I'd better get on with the search!
[Clanging rocks]
[Engine fires up]
Ready for takeoff, Sonic?
Ready!
I only hope they'll be able to find Amy.
With Eggman and those crazy robots of his,
who knows what could happen to her?
I'm sure that Sonic won't give up until
he brings her back here safe and sound.
Sure.
Do you think she's okay?
Chao, chao!
Don't you worry, Cream.
I'm sure she's just fine.
You shouldn't try to take on Eggman so soon.
I feel fine.
I can handle him, Sonic.
You're a great pilot, Tails,
but I'd better do this alone.
Wait, Sonic!
We're a team!
We have to figure out where Eggman took Amy.
It'll be easier with two of us looking.
Amy's probably in danger and
there's no time to lose.
Let's both look, Sonic!
I know we can find her!
I guess we do have a better
chance working together.
Right! We're a team!
But if you're staying on the plane,
how come you're outside?
It's more to ride the X Tornado
outside in the open air!
Okay, ya better hold on tight!
Yeah!
[Plane blasts off]
Hold on, Amy. We'll find ya.
[Whip]
Can't you go fishing later, Big?
We have to find Froggy, fast!
Before Dr. Eggman figures out
he swallowed a Chaos Emerald!
It may not seem like it, Chris,
but I know just what I'm doing.
Trust me!
Okay...
Huh?
[Plane passes]
The X Tornado!
I hope Tails is okay.
Hey!
Eggman!
Let me out of here!
Ohh... Oh, what's the use.
[Chirp]
[Heavy sigh] I was all set
to make Sonic a gourmet meal,
but Eggman had to spoil it.
I spent weeks practicing
all the recipes Ella gave me!
Aah!
I could've made my way into his heart
by going right through his stomach.
When Sonic and I start getting close,
something always
seems to keep us apart.
[Chirp]
But Sonic always does
manage to come through.
Hey, Sonic! Wait for me!
[Screams]
[Explosion]
Sonic's never let me down before,
and I know he won't let me down now.
[Chirping in agreement]
Just wait and see, Lily.
Sonic'll find us here and come to our rescue.
Sonic, if you can,
please hurry.
BOCOE: Give it here!
DECOE: No, you give it!
BOCOE: I want to test the microphone!
DECOE: I got here first!
BOCOE: Let go!
DECOE: You will have to wait your turn!
BOCOE: Give it!
DECOE: Testing one, two
[Piercing microphone feedback]
DECOE: Testing! Hello, hello!
BOCOE: Can you hear the sound of my voice?
DECOE: Testing!
Annoyed That's enough!
Now, E-series robots,
please listen carefully to
the following instructions.
If you'll turn your attention
to the screen behind me,
you'll see a rather unusual froggy.
You will notice our little amphibian friend
is sporting, of all things, a tail.
That is what makes him so special.
Your mission is to get
the jump on this froggy
and bring it back here to the Egg Carrier.
Is that clear?
Yes, Doctor.
My plans depend on catching that froggy!
Go now and don't fail me!
[Robotic stomping]
[Sparkling]
[Methodical grunting]
[Grunt]
[Shimmer]
Where am I?
Huh?
What's that?
Oh!
[Squeaking]
I'm very frightened, Chaos.
Help us! The invaders are coming.
We must flee!
Yes, I understand.
[Squeaking]
We may flee, but you must stay here.
[Chorus of sighs]
[Squeaking]
Oh?
Don't worry. I promise,
everything is going to be fine.
Chao!
[Squeaking]
ALL: [Singing] Chao-chao-chao chao!
[Squeaking] [Footsteps]
[Giggle]
[Gasp] The seven Chaos Emeralds!
[Tinkling bells]
Now I know who brought me here!
It's you! There's something important
that you want to tell me!
I understand. The servers
are the seven Chaos.
The Controller serves to unify the Chaos.
Aah! It is you! You control
the seven Chaos Emeralds!
Aah!
[Squeaking]
I see...
This is where they led her. To the
altar where the Master Emerald was.
But why? Why?
Who is she anyway?
Maybe... Is she trying to tell me something?
Yes!
It must have something to
do with the Master Emerald!
If I could only figure out what it means!
[Tinkling] [Deep rumbling]
It's almost restored. One piece left.
I'll just have to keep looking.
That's Eggman's ship!
Why would the Master Emerald show me this?
Maybe it's a warning.
Eggman must be up to something dangerous.
Must find froggy.
Froggy here somewhere.
Must bring froggy home.
Froggy not easy to find.
Must keep looking.
Find froggy. Make Doctor happy.
[Bouncing]
I found froggy!
No, I found froggy.
There he is! There he is!
Look, Chris!
I found Froggy!
Hey, that's great, Big!
[Surprised yelp]
Ooh?
I found the real froggy.
[Electronic beeping]
Gamma has found a frog as well, Doctor.
That makes a total of four froggies.
Bring them all back here immediately!
[Robotic stomping]
Come back!
Froggy!
Aah!
[Robotic stomping]
Let's follow 'em. Hurry!
Mine is the real froggy.
No, mine is!
No, mine is the real one!
The Doctor will be so proud.
The Doctor is approaching.
So settle down, you freaky frog-nappers.
Hmm.
[Shock] What's this? You dare
bring back these crummy croakers?
[Grumbles]
No, no, no!
[Frustrated yell] You clanking clods!
This isn't the froggy I wanted!
Do you see a tail anywhere?
You're lucky I don't have you
flattened into scrap metal!
Sorry.
[Angry grumble]
It's like a maze in here!
They could be anywhere!
Yeah. But we can't stop now. They got Froggy!
Come on, let's go this way.
- Huh?
Alright, you nickel-plated
ninnies. Listen here!
I am not looking for your
average, everyday amphibian.
I am seeking a very special froggy
with a tail that's long and pointy!
Ooh! Wha-wha-what?
This is it! My little Chaos froggy!
Yes, there's my baby!
I just knew you would do me proud, Gamma.
Yes, Doctor.
[Evil cackle]
You're useless! Get out of my sight!
Bocoe, destroy them all except Gamma!
Yes, Doctor.
DECOE: If you have to go, I
guess that is the best way.
BOCOE: No, thanks. I want to rust away.
Gamma, I'd like to talk
to my little birdy friend.
Bring her to me.
Yes, Doctor.
[Thudding footsteps]
Maybe the robots hid Froggy
somewhere down here, Big.
[Thudding footsteps]
[Yelp]
[Receding footsteps]
[Nervous sounds]
[Approaching footsteps]
[Nervous chirping]
[Footsteps]
[Door unlocks]
[Electricity crackles]
GAMMA: Beta.
[Electricity]
[Anxious chirping]
[More footsteps]
Aww...
[Footsteps stop]
[Footsteps]
[Door opens]
Give me the little bird.
No way! I won't let you
take her. You hear me?
You must. The Doctor commands it.
Well, he can't have her!
Hand it over.
Now, you listen to me!
I'm not afraid of you, and
I'm not afraid of him either!
You are not afraid?
No way!
And even if I was,
I still wouldn't let him
hurt an innocent bird!
I know you have a job to do,
but I'd be extremely grateful if you
could please let Lily and me out of here.
No.
Not possible.
Against regulations.
Must obey Doctor. Must obey Doctor.
But why?
Just because he taught you to be mean,
doesn't mean you have to be.
Lily!
[Chirps pleadingly]
Overload. Overload!
What's wrong?
[Robotic whirring]
Go. Go!
Huh?
[Explosion]
Go now! Leave here!
[Gasps for breath]
No time. Must go. Now!
[Anxious chirping]
Go now. Hurry.
[Worried chirping]
You're really not like those
other robots, are you?
Huh. Most robots are mean, but
he's not like that, is he, Lily?
Thank you. We'll never forget you.
Bye!
[Retreating footsteps]
That was Eggman! I've got to stop him!
Yo, Knuckles!
Going my way?
Gloating Ooh hoo hoo hoo!
Things are really hopping now
that I've found my little froggy.
Dr. Eggman! The X Tornado.
What?
[Engines roaring]
Well, don't just sit there!
Blow that tiresome tornado to Timbuktu!
[Lasers blasting]
Aah!
[Plane roars by]
[Lasers fire]
[Grunting]
Aah!
Alright. Let's show our
foxy friend some fireworks!
Yes, Doctor.
Sonic! You okay?
Yeah! Just fine!
Hey, Tails! Check it out!
[Plane roaring]
Okay!
Go on, and gimme your best shot!
This time, I'm ready for ya!
[Cannon powers up]
Time for a little transformation!
Hang on real tight, you guys.
This could get a little tricky.
What?
What did he say?
X Tornado, transform! Battle armor!
What?
What's this? How dare they!
Transform the Egg Carrier!
ALL: Yes, Doctor.
I'll show those feather-brained
flyboys not to mess with me!
Aah!
I have to wait for exactly the right moment!
[Lasers firing]
[Missiles whistle by]
Well, here goes!
[Sounds of combat]
[Missiles whistle]
[Explosions]
He's blowing our missiles to smithereens!
Gotcha! How do you like me now, Eggman?
Come on, tough guy! Bring it on!
Cool it, Tails. Let's not
make things worse, okay?
Okay, sorry!
EGGMAN: They're coming in for a landing.
Let's give them a warm welcome, shall we?
Yes, sir.
Yay! Yay! Hip hip, hooray!
Who could ask for a warmer
welcome than that, eh Doctor?
You fool! I was being sarcastic!
Now switch into battle mode immediately.
Hang on!
Almost there!
We made it!
Let's bring it in for a
nice, smooth landing, Tails!
Ugh! Oh no!
What is it?
You'll have to settle for nice and bumpy.
We don't have any wheels!
What?
[Crashing]